Hi, guys.
Welcome in this lecture are going to be able to click on this in order to delete the order.
Okay.
Now to do this, you're going to need to go back to our VSP code and then the design for each other.
Now we're going to look for that console delete button.
Okay, I think this is it or via the competition icons dot delete underscore left.
We can just changes to blue to make sure that's the delete icon.
Okay.
We can use contra and this to save.
Sorry.
Contrariness.
And check if he's going to sound too blue.
Okay, you can see it.
There's the eye.
Okay, so right here.
All, what we just have to do is score the fan base.
I think we have it in the cards directory already.
Sorry.
The CROSSFIRE.
No, I keep calling the directory like it caused.
Sorry.
Firebase Store.
Then Dodge Collection.
Then you're going to need to go into the others collection.
Then we're going to have access to these documents.
Okay.
Now, remember, each document is connected to this address by the other Heidi.
Right.
So what we can say is we can call this.
People have over here.
That's a tall order, at least.
Other.
Other least.
Then the court order ID.
Okay, then over here.
All what we just have to say is not.
Delete.
Okay.
Great, nice country.
And that's the scene.
And.
And true.
And this and click on this.
Okay.
Let's just try to click on every of those.
And check.
Okay.
You can see it's been deleted by a.
Now, I think.
Let's go back and.
Come to the game and see.
Okay.
One, two, two, four.
Okay, I think.
Okay.
What we can do is to start this and see.
What was that thing?
Okay.
Now.
Dan, let's go back to.
The.
Okay.
My orders.
As you can see, it has been deleted and currently we have just okay, we have just two orders.
Okay.
Now the issue is.
It is not just playing with time on the screen.
That's Mays.
We have to refresh, you know, that to see that we have deleted the audio.
So what we can do is.
You can see it's been deleted re time will that but we are not having any changes in the UI.
Okay.
Now.
Hard to start this again.
And you're going to see we don't have any other anymore.
Okay.
I was going to check this again for you quickly.
Okay, okay.
Okay.
I can see currently we don't have any other and.
Now let's go back to the apple and.
My orders.
Okay.
You can see the black screen.
We don't have any others like it.
What we can do is just try to identify products.
You can marvel at some small network and.
Checkouts.
Okay.
You can see the view now.
And.
Okay.
It has not been displayed.
What we can do is also discharges.
Audrey starts in again and.
Now.
Let's go check it out.
And you can see some of the books we have.
Okay.
We're going to freeze that shortly.
So now let's go back to.
My others.
Okay, you can see that means we have.
So refresh.
Okay.
Seen in this lecture.
Ready to solve this book?
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.